In this video you learn how you create an account on cured or it.
So the first thing that you want to do is go ahead and go to your dot com type that into your browser
and then you just really want to sign up for it.
I can see you can sign in with Google or Facebook or put in an email to sign up there.
So I can to sign in with Google here and I'm just going to sign in with a brand new can see you can
see how it's going to come up.
So what we want to do now is pick some of our interests.
We need to pick 10 topics to continue.
So I can select social media business
maybe economics marketing
and this doesn't need to be perfect.
You can change these later on Instagram for more topics to go web marketing
marketing strategy digital marketing.
And click continue.
And then we want to put in what topics do we know about.
So we're going to start to select them here digital marking
is enough for the moment to continue.
So we can find our Facebook friends if you want to we might just click not now.
And then we can follow people to see their answers.
We are going to come back and do this later so we can use unselect.
So there we go.
That's simple to set up our account on curagh.
Remember that even if you are setting up and you're going to be driving traffic to a company web site
you still want to set up under your personal name.
So now it's your turn.
Go ahead.
Go to cured.
Come and create your cure.
Can't you get it done in less than a minute like we've done here.